# Client-Only Mods
### My Server Is Compatible
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/my-server-is-compatible

### Catalogue
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/catalogue

#  QoL Mods:

### Clumps
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps

### Jade
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade-addons

### No Chat Reports
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/no-chat-reports

### TrashSlot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/trashslot

### Extreme Sound Muffler
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/extreme-sound-muffler

### Every Compat (wood Good)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/every-compat

### Everything is Copper
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/everythingcopper

### Magnum Torch
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/magnum-torch-forge

### Inventory Sorter
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorter

### Not Enough Recipe Book [NERB]
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/notenoughrecipebook

### Eccentric Tome
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eccentric-tome

### Accelerated Decay
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/accelerated-decay

### Waystones
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones

### Why stacks of 16?
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/why-stacks-of-16

### Comforts
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/comforts

### Gravestone Mod
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/gravestone-mod

### Let Me Despawn
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/let-me-despawn

### Nether Portal Fix
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/netherportalfix

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm (prerequisite)

### Old Combat
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/old-combat-mod

### Patchouli
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/patchouli

### Spice of Life: Carrot Edition
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/spice-of-life-carrot-edition

### Towns & Towers (world gen)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/towns-and-towers

### YUNG's Better Mods (world gen)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-api

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-jungle-temples

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-dungeons

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-mineshafts-forge

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-strongholds

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-ocean-monuments

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-nether-fortresses

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/yungs-better-end-island

### Pam's Harvestcraft 2
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft-2-food-core

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft-2-crops

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft-2-trees

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/pams-harvestcraft-2-food-extended

### FancyMenu (Optional)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fancymenu

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/drippy-loading-screen

### Better Advancements
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements 

### AppleSkin
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin 

# Optimisations

### Embeddium
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/embeddium


# APIs/Libraries

### Curio API
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/curios

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cofh-core

### For Aether
https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aeroblender

https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender

https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geckolib

### For Alex's Mods
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/citadel

### For Sophisticated Mods
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-core

# Client QoL

### Just Enough Items
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei

### Mouse Tweaks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mouse-tweaks

### Polymorph (& extensions)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/polymorph 

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/polymorphic-energistics

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/refined-polymorphism


# Storage Mods

### Sophisticated Backpacks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-backpacks

### Storage Drawers
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers

### Applied Energistics
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/applied-energistics-2

### Iron Chests
https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/iron-chests

### Refined Storage & RS Addons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/refined-storage

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/refined-storage-addons

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rs-requestify

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/extrastorage

### Dank Storage
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dank-storage

### DimStorage (Cause EnderStorage Hasn't been updated)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/dimstorage


# Tech Mods:

### Create/Addons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/createaddition

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-stuff-additions

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-misc-and-things

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-liquid-fuel

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-power-loader

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/create-interactive

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/more-mounted-storages

### Thermal Expansion/Addons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-expansion

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-foundation

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-cultivation

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-dynamics

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-innovation

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-integration

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thermal-locomotion (I don't know if we need this one)

### Tesseract
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tesseract

### Industrial Foregoing
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/industrial-foregoing

### Flux Networks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flux-networks

### XNet/Addons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/xnet

### Easy Villagers
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easy-villagers

### Powah!
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/powah-rearchitected

### Generator Galore
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/generatorgalore

### Simple Magnets:
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/simple-magnets

### LaserIO
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/laserio

### Mining Gadgets
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mining-gadgets

### Ranged Pumps
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ranged-pumps

### Ender IO
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ender-io


# Magic Mods:

### Forbidden and Arcanus
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/forbidden-arcanus

### Botania/MythicBotany
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botania

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mythicbotany

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/botanical-machinery

### Prism
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/prism-lib

### Bewitchment
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bewitchment

### Biomancy
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomancy

# Transport Mods

### OpenBlocks Elevator
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/openblocks-elevator

### Elytra Slot
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/elytra-slot

### Travel Anchors
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/travel-anchors

# Farming / Food

### Farmer's Delight
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/farmers-delight

### Farming for Blockheads
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/farming-for-blockheads


# Armour, Tools, & Weapons:

### Silent Gear
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/silent-gear

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mana-gear

### Iron Jetpacks
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iron-jetpacks

# Building/Cosmetic Mods

### Construction Wand
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/construction-wand

### Macaw's Mods
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-doors

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-fences-and-walls

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-windows

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-furniture

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-trapdoors

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-roofs

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-paths-and-pavings

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-paintings

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-fences-biomes-o-plenty

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-bridges-biome-o-plenty

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-roofs-biomes-o-plenty

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/macaws-furnitures-biomes-o-plenty

### MrCrayFish's Furniture Mod
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mrcrayfish-furniture-mod

### DeepslateCutting
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/deepslatecutting


# Dimensional Mods:

### Aether
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aether

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aether-redux

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/deep-aether

### Twilight Forest
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/the-twilight-forest

### Blue Skies (We don't have to add this)
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/blue-skies

### RFTools/Addons
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-base

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-dimensions

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-builder

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rftools-utility

### CC: Tweaked
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cc-tweaked 

# World Gen/Mobs:

### Biomes o' Plenty
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty

### Alex's Caves
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/alexs-caves

### Alex's Mobs
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/alexs-mobs

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/alexs-mobs-interaction

### Dungeons n' Taverns
https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns

### Amplified Nether
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/amplified-nether

### Flat Bedrock
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flat-bedrock 


# Maps and Info:

### JourneyMap
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap

# Server Util/Optimisation

### Lootr
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/lootr

### FerriteCore
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ferritecore

### FTB Utilities
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api (prerequisite)

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-library-forge

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-teams-forge

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-chunks-forge

https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ftb-essentials-forge

### Craft Tweaker
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/crafttweaker


# Farm Mods

### Right Click Harvest
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/rightclickharvest

# If possible:

### Tome of Blood
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tome-of-blood-rebirth

### Blood Magic
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/blood-magic

### Ars Nouveau
https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/blood-magic
